The exit is just ahead
You went back?
Every time
As long as we quarrel
You're going back to that mute to disgust me
Did you see it?
Remember who you are
You are the exclusive adopted daughter
I married you to fulfill my grandfather's wishes
Don't Love Me
Brother will support you for a lifetime
Understand?
The point is that you said you made me love you
So I saw it. So what?
You don't care how I feel
Desperate and deadly
Today is my sister's child's 100-day banquet
Send it to me later.
What's wrong? Nothing
Eat it quickly, lest it get cold and taste bad.
Do you remember
Explain that you have arranged
Quickly knock this meat ball off your stomach for me!
I want to give birth to a myopic child
You still have facial myopia.
You want to give birth to a little mute
You can afford to lose this person.
Our Lu family can't afford to lose this person
Kill it now